### Bugs fixed
* When a line was not running based on a IF check, it would trigger a ELSE or END call if the string contained it anywhere within, for example using `v.varend` would trigger a END of IF statement call.
* Passed url variables did not URL decoded.
* Over 150 other small bug fixes
* Fixed problem with quotes clearing and end of variable even if none are at the other end, for example on MYSQL statements removing the second ' from `apikey='v.key'` if called at the end like in `v.number=s.mysql_insert("INSERT INTO api_keys SET email='v.email',date='v.date',apikey='v.key'")`. It now only removes if present on the start and end of the statement.
* To pass a value and regenerate / compute contents just copy to a new var using double ==. This is a re check value, so if you call a database query you can use `v.var==v.var` to rebuild and move over references.
* NOT check calls on TRUE and FALSE statements work now, like `if not v.var false` for cases when comparing to a full or FALSE statement call.
* Fixes for spaces before and after = character in variable set using functions to return the content to the variable.

### New system functions
* `s.mysql_connect('server','username','password','database')` – Connects to a MYSQL based sever with the details provided.
* `s.mysql_close()` – Closes active open MYSQL connection.
* `s.mysql_lastid()` – Returns the last ID created my MYSQL in the current session. Will return id from the affected table in the last INSERT and UPDATE command.
* `s.mysql_insert('query')` – Runs a command against the current open MYSQL database, it can be used for any query but only returns the ID of the last affected INSERT/UPDATE row. Will return `FALSE` if failed.
* `s.mysql_update('query')` – Runs a command against the current open MYSQL database, it can be used for any query but only returns the ID of the last affected INSERT/UPDATE row. Will return `FALSE` if failed.
* `s.mysql_delete('query')` – Runs a command against the current open MYSQL database, will return `TRUE` or `FALSE` based on status.
* `s.mysql_select('query')` – Runs a command against the current open MYSQL database, it will return the results in array format even when only one object is present. Will return `FALSE` if failed.
* `s.string_clean(input)` – Cleans a string of all style tags, HTML tags, javascript, and multi-line comments.
* `s.array_loop(function,array)` - That runs a function for each item in the array supplied. Acts like a regular function call but allows you to also run a function based on a variable name. If no second value is given or is given as a NON array item it still run.
```
v.function="foldertree"
s.array_loop("v.function")
```
* `s.folder_content(folder)` - Gives you a file/folder list of all contents in that said folder returned as an array. You can pass a optional "invert" to sort in reverse alphabetical order. `v.items=s.folder_content("/folder","invert")`
* `s.string_url_encode(string)` - When given a string will return a URL safe version.
* `s.string_url_decode(string)` - When given a URL safe string will return a regular version.
* `s.storage_set(name,data)` - Allows you to store data that can be called any time in any session, this is used for things like programs or installers saving settings like database connection info.
* `s.storage_get(name)` - Allows you to fetch storage data from the system.
* `s.header()` Sets the servers return header, you can set this with different values many times before the first content is returned, good for setting content type.
```
s.header("Content-Type: application/json")
```
* `s.cookie_set(name,value,time,domain)` - Sets a cookie, where time is the time in seconds it is good for. Domain is optional and will default to / for the current domain.
* `s.cookie_delete(name)` - Deletes a cookie that has been set.
* `s.string_username(string)` - converts a string to a username safe string like `anthony_rossbach_33` from `AnthOny Rossbach 33%`
* `s.http_request_get(url)` - Sends a web request for the content of the url passed, will send with the useragent `CodeSimpleScript SSC Script HTTP_REQUEST`. Future versions will allow custom useragents (will always append SSC to any custom request for security reasons).

### Other new features
* New `cv.var` variables holding current cookie data. This is only updated on the next page load not when a cookie is set.
* Now can run while loops. They act as a normal IF statement but re run every time the if statement is true. `while v.var<=50`.
