### Bugs fixed
* When passing an array that also has sub array items into `s.array_loop` it will now work. You can now use this with `s.mysql_select` to work with multiple return values in an array.

### New system functions
* `s.quit()` - Stops any more code execution and shuts SimpleScript down. This is useful for user systems when a user is redirect for not having permission on the page. This will stop the code after it's called from running.
* `s.2fa("sitename")` - Create a new 2FA session for the page, do this before you can call the other 2FA calls or you will just get `FALSE` returned.
* `s.2fa_createsecret()` - Generate a secret code. Store this in your database for the user as you will need it to validate later on.
* `s.2fa_qrcode("sitename","secret")` - Returns a DataURI of a generated QR code using the site name and the secret code you already made. The user scans this OR supply them the secret so they can enter it into the 2FA app they want to use. To use the QR code just place it in a image SRC tag.
* `s.2fa_verifycode("original_secret","2fa_app_code")` - Using the original users secret that you fetch from the user database or other you can compare it to the code a user submits to verify if it's a code generated using the secret.
* `s.file_uploaded()` - Returns `true` or `false` if the system had a file uploaded to it.
* `s.file_uploaded_name()` - Returns the name of the file uploaded. Remember to clean file names before saving to a database.
* `s.file_uploaded_size()` - Returns the size of the file uploaded in bytes.
* `s.file_uploaded_type()` - Returns the type of the file uploaded for example `image/jpeg`.
* `s.file_uploaded_save("/uploadedimage.jpg")` - Will save the file to disk in your main web folder `default /www`.
* `s.http_request_post(url,array)` - Will make a HTTP POST request to the url given and post the array, if it cant it will post to the page the item `ss_post` with the value of `true`.
* `s.http_request_post_file(url,filepath)` - Will make a HTTP POST request to the url given and post the the file to it. It will be sent as the item name `file`.

### Other new features
* Fixed and new clean error pages.
